believe hey belief
you gotta believe Brando listen Brando
you could do it
you just gotta believe I'll believe it
now eat it you know okay
maybe okay you're right
[Music]
you
you could do it I'm gonna what was that
all about
no just jump and then back live I'll try
with you
well your your your more so trying it
with me because it was my idea in the
first place but I'll go first
you got me you haven't jumped I just got
you haven't done any tricks today except
for a frontside 270 ah I miss you can do
that Brando
Colette give me like a an attempt just
one shot if I get this try you you have
to land it what do per your sponsors
that doesn't that just goes to show you
don't like your sponsors that much can
you get sponsored by env just smile just
let's see you smile a smile you look
great boy there you go hi Brando seeing
you right now we got this teamwork
teamwork there you go dang it hey nice
shirt I do how you feeling good good
dude my wheel hit Brando I wanna see
your attempt right now come on let's see
it I'm ready I'm ready let's get it
Jesus yeah it's good enough oh this guy
Fred scoot was not going anywhere near
fast enough
not even close the Sun is blinding right
now so we can't air out or anything I
mean we can but not nearly good enough
no I'm gonna die and then you won't be
able to get your new laptop so I got
McKenzie a laptop for Christmas and then
all of a sudden wasn't good enough now
she wants a MacBook you told me that you
like slice I got I got your back I
landed right behind you yeah I want real
attempt stuff come on just one
I don't even think I'm do this then just
do this just jump to peak you're not
okay maybe okay you were right back well
we need at least one attempt at least
that was great I think that was great
what do you think I think I think you
could do better than this
jump higher let me see just to at least
this that's all I want
at least I'm ready
[Music]
you still didn't backlit I can't you can
do that yes you can believe hey believe
you got a believe Brando
listen Brando you could do it you just
gotta believe o believe no eat it eat
what eat the concrete that's fine hey as
long as you believe you'll be fine
thumbnail I'm a belief and you're gonna
get thumbnail i'ma get a lot two things
listen you wait the dentist is right
there he just said he's gonna go and try
it he's gonna fall he's gotta break his
tooth I said don't worry
doctor Steve is here come on I don't
want all right Brando is not down all
right I'm gonna get your back on
whatever you do right now wait do it
again do one more time just remind me
how about this rock paper scissors right
now whoever loses has to try it yeah all
right both you guys right now hold on
whoever wins this two out of three has
to do the backflip trick that I just did
all right
what'd you just do it's all literally
just a backflip coming up from the
bottom the five to the eight from the
top of the pasta date all right here we
go here we go here we go my hands behind
the back
no no no hands behind the back one two
three whoo there's one one for Anthony
zip over Brando you close and you have
to actually do it one two three oh one
two three Jesus now and that's just
qualification
that's the qualification you're in let's
at least try it I did you did not I
don't know I did do it all right let's
go I'll show you so this is how you do
it right back lip bones it and then like
yeah but you ain't got a slide like that
III if you do I'll give you my scooter
yeah if you slide or real you give you
my scooter 100% that was nothing that
was done it this is where this is a real
test right now my breathing exercises Oh
Brando all right we're all right where's
gonna ride now all right so we're gonna
get the quick sesh at the park we don't
have a lot of time because of the fact
that I have to go pick up the new stock
of stuff which is over at the printer
now and I'm stoked that it's ready whoa
let's get a bar out it didn't work how
do we do Bahrain instead there we go
stay there Steve don't move yeah
teamwork all right now that it's the
sun's not quite as up let's get some air
stuff all right
first air okay oh it's not working today
there we go home better this is so far
it has not been a very good day of
riding I understand why I'm just like
not on it today but I know we're still
having a good time
but the sessions gonna have to be cut
short today not a lot of riding because
the fact that I had to go pick up those
other shirts because he needs to do a
couple things as well so we gotta get
out of here all right so we're at Best
Buy right now she is currently taking
her old laptop and she's what are you
doing right now you're resetting
everything and this new toy
are you excited yes you have a whole new
toy and you're gonna are you gonna stay
up all night playing with that thing
you probably shouldn't because get to
work at 6:00 in the morning probably
shouldn't probably but you probably yeah
that sounds waiting for you probably
will are you happy right now does that
mean that we can go look around a little
bit and just kind of mess around we're
not going shopping I can do whatever I
want
you can't drive my car you done goofed I
just wanna sit in he really quick why
Raymond what's the matter with this what
kind of just I'm gonna open it right
here all right
toothless MacBook Pro get it cuz Mac
with your name call you Mac Mac Book
knee-slapper yeah I get the sinner mode
on this one
you
what did can we just open it already oh
my god that's beautiful
oh look at the screen and some pretty
great is so clear that was we were
kidding
clickbait thank you think youtube thank
them thank to our dub club thank you our
dub club that was allowed enough thank
you our dub club still not loud enough
thank you our dub club look at takedown
alright so I'm gonna get a couple
snapchats really quick I've heard
literally opening her brand-new MacBook
in the store if you guys don't follow me
on snapchat or Instagram makes you guys
do follow me on snapchat which is this
one right here
an Instagram which is this one right
here followed McKenzie on snapchat and
Instagram ready one two just Instagram
ready one two three
there you go I'm gonna get this content
done really quick and after that we're
gonna cruise back over to the house let
her play around with her new MacBook and
I'm freaking starving
we're good now all right now and one
thing that a lot of you guys do ask me
about in Instagram and also in person at
the skate park when you guys see me is
not only how to get sponsored or or how
did I get my first sponsor but a lot of
you guys want to know how exactly I got
sponsored by NV because we all know that
NV is one of the companies that a lot of
people want to get sponsored by and I
don't know if you guys are kind of
wanting to to kind of base your
possibilities of getting sponsored by NV
off of my past experiences but that's a
that's up to you all I know is you guys
asked me and I'm going to answer that
question for you right now so I've known
a lot of the nd crew basically forever
because I was around when the company
was started so a lot of people that have
been riding for NV for basically in
since it started had been my friends
people I've just written with in the
past and some like that people have
competed against so I've been kind of
tight with the team or kind of like just
people around the team for a really long
time
when NV originally came out I think I
was riding for just scooter zone and
I think it was actually just scooters
owner at the time actually I think I was
writing for scooters I've been lucky at
the time so that was a really really
long time ago
Pilate put a lot of you guys probably
didn't even know that I wrote for lucky
so there's a little history lesson for
you now when you have friends that are
on like a big team like NV or any other
big company obviously they mess around
with you and you mess around with them
saying hey you should quit this team and
be on this team it's not ever actually
serious to do something that we all joke
around about because we're all friends
but at the time I was riding for a
company obviously you guys know Phoenix
Phoenix had to actually just been sold
to another company and the guy that had
previously been the owner of Phoenix
kind of he didn't count I did a couple
of people dirty including me so I wasn't
very happy about that I was really upset
with my situation at the time so I'm my
head were just kind of going into all
kinds of different directions and stuff
like that and some of the guys from NV
had actually approached me and one of
the guys actually worked for Phoenix
previously went to NV because he was one
of the guys that kind of got screwed
over so he is that his name was Tony you
guys have probably seen him in a couple
of my vlogs Tony and I had been kind of
talking back and forth not because he
just left and gone to NV just because
Tony about Tony and I have been friends
for a really really long time because
he'd work for Phoenix
Tony had been kind of joking around
saying hey you should go over to Andy or
you should listen to the guys from mV
kind of like he was a little bit messing
around but he kind of wasn't messing
here at the same time he was actually
serious and we just kind of been talking
back and forth a little bit and
eventually the guys just hit me with an
offer and basically us just something
for me to look at if I was even
interested in being sponsored by them
things at Phoenix were already not going
very good
the owner already knew that the new
owner already knew that I didn't really
like some of the things that they were
kind of saying to me some of the other
guys that were still associated with
Phoenix were kind of saying some things
that I didn't really support I didn't
believe in I didn't really like I said I
didn't really like my situation at the
time so I listened to the offer from NV
because obviously you guys you want to
be happy with where you're at because
you don't stay somewhere specifically if
it comes to money or anything like that
or if it's just a part that's got a
really good reputation you want to like
you want to like the part that you're
riding you want your situation to be
good you want to be happy because if
you're not one of those three things at
least
then you could not gonna have a good
situation all together and with Phoenix
my situation the new situation anyway
wasn't something that I was very
supportive in like I said before and I
wasn't gonna be happy with it and I
didn't want to stick around with
something like that and I didn't like
what the company was going and there was
just so many different routes that I
wasn't really supportive in so I went
over and talked to the guys from NV and
after all was said and done I was I was
agreeing to some of the things that we
had talked about and we kind of
fine-tuned a it took a little while so
for those of you guys that don't know a
lot of things when it comes to actual
sponsorships don't they're not like an
overnight thing sometimes contracts can
take up to six months to iron out now
that mine didn't take six months my I
think all after everything was said and
done and from action start to finish of
me actually signing the contract I think
it was like two and a half months
because you guys got talked back and
forth
obviously not everybody's free every
single day of the week owners of
companies are busy I was busy at the
time I was trying to practice a lot you
know I'm competing all the time
especially now now I'm filming all the
time I'm doing YouTube so I'm super
super busy I have all the merch stuff I
have to deal with that's why you guys
see all of these boxes right now because
this is all the restock of the new merch
and that kind of stuff keeps you super
super busy throughout the day not even
throughout the day throughout the week
throughout the month throughout the year
so it's it's not necessarily always the
easiest thing to just hop on the phone
and have a an hour conversation because
there's so many things that you're doing
yeah mine took about two I think it was
two and a half months to actually get
signed everybody was happy with the
situation and by the time I had signed I
thought that what I would when I did was
a good decision I was really happy with
my decision Tony we knew what you were
doing we appreciate what you did we're
happy now and I think the decision was
really good let me know in the comments
below
what your guys dream sponsor is is it
and there's a fluff lying around and it
just went into my throat
is your dream sponsor and envy is a
razor it can be anything I don't care
who it is I just want to do what you
guys have to say in the comments below
any any a scooter company or even any
company after that Nike you could say
Nike I like being small stirred up wings
and things it was definitely one of my
dream sponsors back in the day I didn't
think I was gonna get like this a bunch
of money or anything I just like the
product like I was telling you earlier
and I'm happy because I go there and I
eat
not bad but we are gonna tune out for
the day thank you guys so much for
watching as always love you guys so so
much you guys make it possible for me to
do a lot of things that I've always
dreamed about doing so thank you guys so
much and if you guys do not already make
sure you guys do subscribe to my channel
like this video comment below those
questions that I just asked you a little
bit ago what's your dream sponsor and
make sure you guys go and check out the
new merch these are the new Galaxy hats
we just I just got all this stuff like I
said a little bit ago that stuff will be
on the website here in the next couple
of days that is all the restock of night
llama shirts bones shirts
there's cinch bags there's some of the
older hats stitches shirts posters
there's all kinds of stuff in those
boxes right now so if you guys were
looking for something for Christmas and
it was out of stock which I know
happened to a lot of the items because
of the fact that it was so so busy and I
ordered a lot of stuff and I didn't
think it was gonna be that busy so thank
you guys so much for that love and
support you guys absolutely I was so
surprised at how much you guys were
stoked on the new merch so thank you so
much love you guys and until next time
you boys out later
[Music]